{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset238 Arial CE;}
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset238 Times New Roman CE;}
}
{\colortbl;}{\stylesheet{\s1 Heading 1;}{\s2 Heading 2;}{\s3 Heading 3;}{\s4 Heading 4;}{\s5 Heading 5;}{\s6 Heading 6;}{\s7 Heading 7;}{\s8 Heading 8;}{\s9 Heading 9;}}
\deflang1024\notabind\facingp\hyphauto1\widowctrl
\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgndec{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}\pard\sl20 \fs20 \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb373\s1\sl647\qc \b\fs49\f1 Incredible hosting system\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sl260 \b0\fs20\f0 \~\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb1991\sl449\qc \b\fs34\f1 Pawe\f2\'b3 Niewiadomski\hyphpar0\par\page\pard\sl20 \b0\fs20\f3 \hyphpar0\par\pard\sl-240 \b\f2 Incredible hosting system\hyphpar0\par\pard\sl260 \b0\f3 by\~Pawe\'b3 Niewiadomski\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb260\sl260 Copyright\~\'a9\~2005 foo-baz.com\up8\fs12 1\hyphpar0\par\sect\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgnlcrm{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb311\s1\sl539 \b\fs41\f1 Table of Contents\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb207\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_foreword}{\fldrslt \fs20\f0 Foreword}}\fs20\f0 \tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_foreword}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_foreword}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_intro}{\fldrslt 1. Introduction}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_intro}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_intro}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_overview}{\fldrslt 2. Introduction to the system}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_overview}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_overview}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_considerations}{\fldrslt 3. Design considerations}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_considerations}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_considerations}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_rel}{\fldrslt \b0 3.1. Software and hardware}}\b0 \tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_rel}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_cons_46_rel}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_users}{\fldrslt 3.2. Target users}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_users}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_cons_46_users}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_constraints}{\fldrslt 3.3. Basic constraints}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_constraints}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_cons_46_constraints}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_goals}{\fldrslt 3.4. Goals and guidelines}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_goals}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_cons_46_goals}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_req}{\fldrslt 3.5. Requirements analize}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_req}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_cons_46_req}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li2400\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_req_46_biz}{\fldrslt 3.5.1. Buissines requirements}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_req_46_biz}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_cons_46_req_46_biz}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li2400\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_req_46_user}{\fldrslt 3.5.2. User requirements}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_cons_46_req_46_user}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_cons_46_req_46_user}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_biblio}{\fldrslt \b Bibliography}}\b \tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_biblio}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_biblio}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\sect\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgnlcrm{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb311\s1\sl539 \b\fs41\f1 List of Tables\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb207\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_tab_46_req_46_biz}{\fldrslt \b0\fs20\f0 3-1. Buissines requirements}}\b0\fs20\f0 \tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_tab_46_req_46_biz}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_tab_46_req_46_biz}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_tab_46_req_46_user}{\fldrslt 3-2. User requirements}}\tqr\tldot\tx9360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_tab_46_req_46_user}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_tab_46_req_46_user}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\sect\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgnlcrm\pgnrestart\titlepg{\headerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Foreword}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Foreword}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb311\s1\sl539 {\*\bkmkstart ID_foreword}{\*\bkmkend ID_foreword}\b\fs41\f1 Foreword\hyphpar0\par\sect\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgndec\pgnrestart\titlepg{\headerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Chapter 1. Introduction}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Chapter 1. Introduction}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb311\s1\sl539 {\*\bkmkstart ID_intro}{\*\bkmkend ID_intro}\b\fs41\f1 Chapter 1. Introduction\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb207\li960\sl260\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 This chapter includes short description of this project. List of the most important requirements and limitations. Environment which project will be implemented in. Description of the most important terms.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Following document represents design documentation related with project. It includes following chapters: introduction to the system, design considerations, system architecture, policies and strategies, detailed system design, glossary, bibliography.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj To fully undestand this work some IT knowledge is required, there are many terms and acronyms related with this area that may not be explained because they are very common and known. Audience are system administrators that will use this system and developers that would want to extend it. Some parts may be usefull to the users.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Project described in this document will be released under Incredible Hosting System name or shorter as \i IHS\i0 . Those names will be often used as a relation to the whole work. Some part of the IHS is administrators web interface that will be presented as my master thesis. Because this element can't exist without some other elements following work includes information about all of them.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj To become more familiar with project's goals, desicions made the reader should also check my previous thesis titled "Free E-Mail System" - NIE-2003 (only in Polish). IHS is based on an experience gained during realization of the previous project. It is a new step forward in creating integrated environment for managing e-mail and hosting systems.\hyphpar0\par\sect\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgndec\titlepg{\headerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Chapter 2. Introduction to the system}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Chapter 2. Introduction to the system}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb311\s1\sl539 {\*\bkmkstart ID_overview}{\*\bkmkend ID_overview}\b\fs41\f1 Chapter 2. Introduction to the system\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb207\li960\sl260\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 IHS will be a platform for e-mail and hosting systems for different environments - small and medium companies for their employees or service providers offering free or paid services.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj It's a complicated task to build such system - it requires integration of many existing applications, i.e. - following systems must be glued together - WWW server, MTA, FTP server, database. It must be also possible to integrate system with some other applications that are specific to client's environment.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Framework must be build that will allow to administrate all those applications throught one, unified interface. It will be a centralized environment for users, administrators and developers. Offering common functions independently of elements used, also API should be generic and flexible enough to allow sophisticated software to be build on a base of created system.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj IHS will be based on following applications and technologies: \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Apache as a WWW server;\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 PostgreSQL as a default database;\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 ProFTPD as a default FTP server;\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 qmail and Virtual Qmail as MTA;\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 CORBA as a services' communication protocol;\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 J2EE for the integrated management system.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Many other applications will be used to build the system. List is very long, only the most important were listed above.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Implementation is based only on an open source or free software, all created artefacts will be released also as the source code. This will guarantee maximum of flexibility for users. foo-baz.com\up8\fs12 1\up0\fs20  company offers services related with installation, integration or maitenance of IHS in client's environment.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\sl449 \b\fs34\lang1024\f1 Notes\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li1280\sl260\fi-320\qj \tx1280 \b0\fs20\f0 1. \tab http://foo-baz.com/\hyphpar0\par\sect\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgndec\titlepg{\headerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Chapter 3. Design considerations}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Chapter 3. Design considerations}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb311\s1\sl539 {\*\bkmkstart ID_considerations}{\*\bkmkend ID_considerations}\b\fs41\f1 Chapter 3. Design considerations\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb207\li960\sl260\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 Chapter includes information about decisions made and issues that must be resolved during implementation.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_cons_46_rel}{\*\bkmkend ID_cons_46_rel}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 3.1. Software and hardware\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li960\sl260\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 IHS will be based on a system compatible with Unix, default will be Linux. Target group includes also OpenBSD (and other *BSD), Solaris. In the beginning there will be used two Linux distributions - SuSe and Fedora Core. These are the most popular distributions, they are often used on servers.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj IHS will require such elements as WWW server, J2EE application server, MTA, FTP server. It will be possible to use different applications for any of this elements. That's why product must be modular with compatible changeable parts.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Because only x86 hardware platform will be available during implementation project will be based on it. But it's possible that in the future project will be ported to other platforms as well. IA-64 architecture is getting more and more popular on servers and it would be great to start using this software on mentioned platform as soon as possible.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_cons_46_users}{\*\bkmkend ID_cons_46_users}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 3.2. Target users\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li960\sl260\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 Target groups of users: \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 regular users - don't have or have some basic knowledge about systems internals, they are interested only in using services offered by the system, IT knowledge is not required from them; lowest privileges;\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 domain administrators - they have some knowledge about services offered by the system, they know how to use them for their own profit, they know how to configure offered services (turning on, turning off, etc.), IT knowledge is not required from them; privileges extended by basic administration of assiociated domains;\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 system administrators - they have the knowledge about the environment in which IHS runs, they know how to install or configure whole applications in this environment, they should have knowledge about software used by IHS (installation and configuration of required applications), they have basic knowledge of IHS; they have unlimited privileges;\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 developers - they have knowledge about services offered by IHS, they are familiar with sytem's architecture, used database systems, configuration, communication protocols, available API; informations like operating system running IHS, used software should be meaningless for they; they are not direct users of the system;\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Each of described groups must be dynamically recognized. One IHS installation must be able to service functions for any member of any group; users and groups are recognized using informations stored in the system and those given by the user. There should be a possibility to limit access to installation only to some groups.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_cons_46_constraints}{\*\bkmkend ID_cons_46_constraints}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 3.3. Basic constraints\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li960\sl260\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 Project will work in networked environment, in client-server achitecture. Usually users will use available resources using some network applications like: e-mail client, network browser, FTP client, etc.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj To support the largest group of users (assuming that software used by them work properly) with services available in the system all services must comply with common standards or regulations. System should be tested with most popular applications like: Firefox, Internet Explorer, Thunderbird, Outlook Express, Outlook, Opera, The Bat. From time to time it should be also tested with some less popular applications.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Very important is a security of the system - global or service based; high availability. Because one of the target environments are systems accessible for any one it must be ensured that system can handle malicious users or network worms, etc. Architecture and procedures used in the system must be created with security in mind.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Because system is create as a open source software without sponsors or other income sources all additional actions must be cut to the minimum. Same time it must be remembered that testing is not one of those actions. Unit and integration testing are very important in keeping good quality of the product which is very important. Only product of good quality will have a chance to exist in the market. That's why testing should be done at the same time as the development or even before it as test driven development says.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Quality of documentation is also very important. It can not be accepted that system is extended without documentation being updated. All modification should be documented upwards than implemented. This way it will be easier to keep documentation up to date - documentation created after implementation is usually worse than documentation created before it. Two language version are maintained at the same time - Polish and English. Comments in code are made only in English.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_cons_46_goals}{\*\bkmkend ID_cons_46_goals}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 3.4. Goals and guidelines\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li960\sl260\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 Following is a list of the most important goals and guidelines than must be ensured during implementation.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj The KISS principle (keep it simple stupid!) - architecture, algorithms, mechanism used during implementation should be as simple as possible. This way product easy to maintenance and extension will be created.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Don't early optimize - optimalization can be done only in case that it's really needed (it must be proved in tests). Implementation should focus on correctness of working and easines of reading the code. Speed is not important.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Look and feel are very important - there should be a possibility to modify theme. Operations done with user interaction should work as fast as possible. User should not have to wait for results. Time from event to first results should be minimized.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 {\*\bkmkstart ID_cons_46_req}{\*\bkmkend ID_cons_46_req}\b\fs34\lang1024\f1 3.5. Requirements analize\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li960\sl260\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f0 Because thesis subject is a modernization of existing system cons.req system should be described first. System was created as a bachelor thesis of Pawe\f3\'b3 Niewiadomski, subject was "Free e-mail hosting". During that project software was created that offered users basic functionality of such system.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Users were able to create, remove and configure basic options throught \i WWW\i0  pages. Options offered were comparable to other similar systems, ie. it was possible to setup mail redirection, automatic responses. Access to e-mails stored within server was possible througth standard \i POP3\i0  protocol and WWW site.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Administrator was able, throught WWW, to see basic statistics, to modify existing accounts. Project didn't include advanced configuration options for administrators. Main aim was to create system that users were able to use. This way system created could be maintained only by experienced administrators.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj On a base of e-mail system there was designed and created hosting system with additional functions as managing users' WWW sites, configuration of those sites via WWW. Users gained also an ability to see statistics of their own sites registered within system. There was still lack of tools for administrators. Some options were not implemented because of short time and costs reduction.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Basic technical informations about previous system: \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Operating system: Linux, Slackware distribution\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 WWW server: Apache 1.3\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \i\fs20 FTP\i0  server: ProFTPD\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \i\fs20 MTA\i0 : Qmail+Virtual Qmail\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Main database: PostgreSQL\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Databases for users: MySQL, PostgreSQL\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj  Main application was written mainly in C++, some parts also in PHP and PERL, shell scripts. For full description see NIE-2002.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj One of major drawbacks of created system was that it was only a single setup, it was not flexible enough. to support different needs of administrators. Installation process was really hard. That's why main goal of this thesis is a modernization of existing system to comply with following requirements. Some requirements are already implemented, they are marked.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\s3\li960\sl374 {\*\bkmkstart ID_cons_46_req_46_biz}{\*\bkmkend ID_cons_46_req_46_biz}\b\fs28\lang1024\f2 3.5.1. Buissines requirements\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260\qj {\*\bkmkstart ID_tab_46_req_46_biz}{\*\bkmkend ID_tab_46_req_46_biz}\fs20\f3 Table 3-1. Buissines requirements\sa100\keepn\par\trowd\trleft960\trhdr \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \b\fs20\f1 Id.\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \b\fs20\f1 Requirement\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \b\fs20\f1 Already implemented\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \b\fs20\f1 Priority\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-1\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Mailbox for users\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-2\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Users' WWW sites\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-3\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Free and comercials accounts can coexist at the same time\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-4\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Payments throught Internet\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-5\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Commercial accounts which users didn't pay for must be removed after trial period (or validity period)\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-6\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Payments are not only for creating accounts but also for extending limits such as: transfer limit, quota, etc.\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-7\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 For all commercial services there is 14 days trial period\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-8\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Commerial users have money back guarantee within 30 days after first payment (quality or money back guarantee).\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 2\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-9\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 For all payments there is a possibility to order tax document\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 2\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-10\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 For commercial accounts removed after 30 days of trial period money are not returned\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 2\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-11\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Interface language can be chosen\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-12\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 E-mail is user's identificator\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WB-13\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 When user creates account in system without creating e-mail service given address must be verified\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \pard\plain\sl-1\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb216\s3\li960\sl374 {\*\bkmkstart ID_cons_46_req_46_user}{\*\bkmkend ID_cons_46_req_46_user}\b\fs28\f1 3.5.2. User requirements\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li960\sl260\qj {\*\bkmkstart ID_tab_46_req_46_user}{\*\bkmkend ID_tab_46_req_46_user}\fs20\f0 Table 3-2. User requirements\sa100\keepn\par\trowd\trleft960\trhdr \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \b\fs20\f1 Id.\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \b\fs20\f1 Requirement\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \b\fs20\f1 Already implemented\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \b\fs20\f1 Priority\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-1\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 User may register an account for himself (depends on system's configuration)\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-2\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 It's possible to limit services that user can use\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 2\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-3\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 User may remove his/her account\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-4\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 User may resign from services that he/she used (ie. remove WWW site)\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 2\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-5\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 User has access to statistics for services he/she uses\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-6\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 User is allowed to configure services related to his/her account\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-7\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 User's account can be registered without any services connected to it\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-8\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 English and Polish interface will be registered\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-10\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 E-mail service allows users to send and receive e-mails, user's e-mail address is given by user\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-11\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WWW service means virtual server for WWW pages that is maintained by user\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-12\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Subversion service means Subversion repository created for user\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 2\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-13\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 It is possible to recover lost password for an account or a service\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 2\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-14\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 User may use many services of the same type\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 1\sa60\cell \row \trowd\trleft960 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx1723\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx7068\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx8595\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\cellx9358 \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 WU-15\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 Database service means separate database created for user\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 0\sa60\cell \plain \pard\intbl\sb60\li100\ri100\sl260 \fs20 2\sa60\cell \row \pard\plain\sl-1\hyphpar0\par\sect\sectd\plain\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1920\headery0\footery0\pgndec\titlepg{\headerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Bibliography}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 Bibliography}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb311\s1\sl539 {\*\bkmkstart ID_biblio}{\*\bkmkend ID_biblio}\b\fs41\f1 Bibliography\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\s2\sl449 \fs34 Internet\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li1440\sl260\fi-480\qj {\*\bkmkstart ID_NIE_45_2002}{\*\bkmkend ID_NIE_45_2002}\b0\fs20\f0 [NIE-2002]\~Pawe\f3\'b3 Niewiadomski, \i Free e-mail hosting\i0 , http://new.foo-baz.com/me/engineer_work/ .\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb259\sl449 \b\fs34\f2 Notes\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb173\li1280\sl260\fi-320\qj \tx1280 \b0\fs20\f3 1. \tab http://new.foo-baz.com/me/engineer_work/\hyphpar0\par}
